howdy there internet people is Bo again
so we did that that video on the Dallas
shooting I noticed in the comments
section on the shares that there's a lot
of white folks don't understand the
distrust that minorities have for law
enforcement first I'm trying to figure
out why like why they don't understand
it and it's pretty simple if you're
country person you live out in the
country who's the law the sheriff right
an elected official his deputies
probably went to high school with them
they might go to your church you
probably know where they live they're
accountable you can hold them
accountable one starts acting a fool you
can vote him out and if you can't vote
him out he can get in too bad we all got
that crazy cousin with the 30.6 and
nothing to lose he laughed at that
you're probably the crazy cousin you
know it's different it's a tighter
community they're more accountable and
they tend to go more by the spirit of
the law than the letter of the law you
know some kid comes back from boot camp
at 19 and wants a beer nobody's gonna
save you bang it's different and it's
different because they're accountable we
can hold them accountable one way or the
other the ballot box or the cartridge
box so that kind of abuse is pretty rare
out in the country and when it happens
it gets handled so see minority groups
by definition they're a minority they
can't swing an election they don't have
that institutional power they don't have
the votes they're a minority so they
can't do anything about it
they got unaccountable men with guns
running around a lot of these police
chiefs aren't even elected so
trying to figure out how to relate that
that distrust and that fear to white
country folk I figured it out three
letters a TF all of a sudden you've got
that distrust you've got that fear got
that anger you probably know somebody
they did dirty you might know somebody
they killed didn't he kill him say you
live a little bit further out west and
ATF got to do it for you bol got that
distrust got that fear got that anger
wine because they're unaccountable men
with guns can't do anything about it
see here's the thing we got to remember
they got a ruby ridge or lavoy finicum
happening every week every week there's
someone just killing and they can't do
anything about it
much of unaccountable men with guns now
here's the thing if you're worried about
the ATF or BLM you're probably telling
your friends we got to do something
about this now because right now it's
somebody else but eventually it's gonna
be us right man that sounds like what
they're saying doesn't it and it's true
but see here's the thing we've got that
institutional power we can swing an
election and in these cities when we're
the police chief isn't elected get rid
of the mayor and make it clear why it's
that simple
all you got to do is care care enough to
get involved now
it's all good to say oh I care but most
people need some kind of self-interest
to really get motivated so here you go
those ATF agents BLM agents where they
start off at police departments in big
cities right
it's normally where they start can you
imagine if you could get rid of the
corruption before they ever even got
into a federal agency get a good police
chief in help do it right maybe it's
worth a shot
see here's the thing all of us you know
it doesn't matter if you're in the
holler some West Virginia hillside or
you're in Kansas whatever you got more
in common with a black guy from the
inner city then you're ever gonna have
in common with your representative up in
DC we got to start talking to each other
we got the same problems it's just
different agencies it's different
agencies but it's the same problem it's
unaccountable men with guns we can work
together and we can solve that'd be
pretty easy really or not don't do
anything about it
well that a bunch of people get killed
it doesn't matter to you right it's not
you now it's what you tell people bout
the ATF and BLM it it's not you now get
involved we got to start working
together it's gonna get real bad anyway
y'all have a good day just something to
think about